[Autogenerated] now that you understand everything about dynamodb.
Let's give it a try by setting up a couple of tables
to store our toppings and users, we want to make a new table.
So click on the tables menu option and then click the
create table button for this first table.
We want to store the toppings that are used to make pizzas.
Let's just call the table name toppings.
Now we need to define the partition key for each item.
This is sort of like a primary key in a relational database.
We'll call it I.
D.
And in the drop down for the data type,
just leave strings selected in the table settings option.
You'll notice it lets you use defaults to create your table.
These defaults are just fine for our table and since
we can change all of these later, just leave the box checked.
Now click create table creating this table can take a few seconds.
So while it's creating let's go ahead and create another table for our users,
click the create table button again,
Let's name the table users and for the partition key let's name it.
username with the same data type as string.
Now you can go ahead and click create table.
The users table will be created now as well.
And so the toppings table should be done by now so go
ahead and click on that and I'll show you around the
property section in the overview tab.
The general information section.
Just gives you some brief details about the table.
The items summary gives you an overview of how many
items you have in your table, like showing that we have zero items here.
If you click the view items button,
it will actually take you to a full item query tool that will
not only show you your items but also allow you to try out some
scans and queries on your tables.
It's pretty cool.
There's obviously nothing here yet but once we connect this should be
filled with toppings items Now head back to the table.
Unfortunately there's not a quick back button here and switch to the monitor.
Tab dynamodb does use CloudWatch to monitor if the throughput exceeds a
provision capacity sometimes to use the auto scaling rules and other times to
potentially throttle requests and this area will show you the usage of your
table and if there were any recent throttles,
the additional settings tab will show your current provisions
throughput capacity and let you modify it including the mode and
the auto scaling rules as you want to.
And there's a lot more tabs here obviously but that's
about it for our table configuration. In the next clip we're going to connect to these tables with our application